hi everybody my name is John Paul
welcome to fat loss cooking channel for
today's episode I am going to show you
how to make a cauliflower curry fried
rice sounds delicious it is delicious
trust me anyway before we begin the
cooking part I would like to address a
couple of things first the reason why I
created this recipe is for people to get
to make them eat more vegetables without
them knowing it the second part is to
get to improve people's diets ratio of
protein to carbohydrates now what's
wrong with carbohydrates there's nothing
wrong with carbohydrate here's the thing
majority of people don't need that many
carbohydrates now if you want to read
more stuff about how many carbohydrates
do you need I highly suggest that you go
visit Lyle McDonald site on Bobby
recomposition comm Lyle has written
written a an excellent detailed article
about the subject now let's begin the
cooking part now for the ingredients the
first ingredient is fine
12 ounces of finely chopped cauliflower
now in order to achieve this refinement
I highly suggest that you use a food
processor the second ingredient you will
need 1 tablespoon of curry powder you
will also need 1 teaspoon of cumin
powder you will also need 1 tablespoon
of finely chopped onions you will also
need 1 tablespoon of finely chopped
fresh garlic you will also need 1
tablespoon of fish sauce now if you
don't have an access to a fish sauce you
can simply use salt but I highly suggest
that you use a fish sauce you will also
need 1 tablespoon of coconut oil you
will also need 1 ounce or
of frozen green peas and you will also
use a teaspoon of finely chopped
scallions now for the protein source
this is totally up to you but in this
case I will use shrimps so basically
this recipe is going to be a cauliflower
curry fried rice seafood style now the
next step is you are going to preheat to
coconut oil and you are going to saute
the garlic and onions now while we are
sauteing the onions and garlic you may
want to put the curry powder and cumin
on the ground cauliflower and mix it all
together don't be afraid to use your
hands this is more efficient this way
now after hand mixing the cauliflower
with the curry powder and the cumin
powder it should be ready to be dumped
in the frying pan
and simply step right
you know this recipe actually reminds me
of the Thai fried rice this recipe is
actually very rich in flavor not in
calories now we also want to pour the
fish sauce or the salt if you don't have
an access to fish sauce but you know the
fish sauce actually gives it a unique
seafood flavor if you actually like you
may actually add an egg on it so it will
be pretty much similar to the Chinese
fried rice plus the egg add some protein
now I have also heard some Filipino
friends out there that they think the
rice is automatically fattening actually
this is false here's why to most people
- especially - most Filipinos who are
really used to eating rice I think their
problem is more on behavioral now what
do you mean by behavioral things since
Filipinos like to eat rice they tend to
eat more of it so what happens in
reality is that they think that they're
only eating a cup of rice but the truth
is they're eating two or three more
servings of it so what happens is that
they are simply under estimating the
total amount of calories that they are
really eating but it's not the rice that
makes them fat now after about four
minutes of stare frying the cauliflower
fried rice you may now start to add the
green peas right
and just keep on staring it for another
30 minutes or so now after another 3
minutes of stare frying everything you
will now have this very yummy
cauliflower curry fried rice oh man I
can't wait to eat this thing
now after crunching the numbers the
total calorie content came up to 302
calories with 25 25 grams of protein
with 15 grams of fat and 22 grams of
carbohydrates now see the difference if
you are eating a fried rice a regular
fried rice as big as this you are
probably looking at around let's say
about 600 700 calories instantly now I
hope you are enjoying my cooking videos
so I hope you share you subscribe and
leave me feedbacks and suggestions for
future recipe suggestions now again my
name is John Paul I will see you again
in the next episode of fat loss cooking
channel